Initial Concept Discussion "for a vibe coding hackathon what do you think about
building a WordBuilder library open source Python that sits on top of python
docx providing a higher level functionality"

---

Python-docx Capabilities Research "how complex can python docx make a word
document"

---

Slate Editor Data Flow Investigation "how does slate text editor extract data
for processing?" "how does slate text editor export data for processing?"

---

Document Conversion Requirements "I want to basically convert the lexical JSON
into a document - what Python library would be best for this - flexible if its
Pdf or not"

---

Core API Requirements Definition "ok here's what my Django API needs to do. It
needs to receive a Lexical JSON. It needs to replace {{}} placeholders based on
another JSON map. Then, it needs to replace [[]] placeholders with a LLM output
based on the prompt associated with the [[]] placeholder (important note: {{}}
placeholders may exist within [[]] placeholders). Then - it needs to convert the
output into a word document using Python docx and send it back. I have a Django
project made and an app called generate_document. Let's go"

---

Test Case Development "generate test cases for 1 and 5" "do it actually as text
that we can put into the front end. much longer" "no the logic should be in the
services" "here is the code. Give me back fully functioning files" "ok I want
these in just numbered format without headings"

---

Frontend Development "Setup simple lexical interface, nothing fancy."

---

Variable System Design "I have a react app with a rich text editor for defining
documents. I want it to support variables, so users can type something like
`Hello @` and when they type `@` some menu or something will open for them to
choose a variable (existing or define a new one)

This way they can reuse variables across the document, and create new ones
easily.

Now, as part of my document editing system, I want to allow users to add AI
generated sections.

So for example, they should be able to write something like that: "Here is a
funny joke for you: @`where where they type`@` something will come up to allow
them to type a prompt, and the prompt itself can include variables in itself as
well.

This is generally the requirement, but I'm unsure what the best UI and UX for
this are.

Can you come up with a couple of ideas? I need to make the UI simple and fun to
use, and try to follow existing patterns and best practices as much as possilbe.

Let me know if I can clear up anything about the requirements and needs of my
app."

---

UI Improvements "Having the two radio buttons next to each other like does not
look good. Please improve this UI"

---

Routing Implementation "[referenced error] Please check in project rules how to
properly get id from url"
